# Conclusion

Google Cartographer is an open source project which focus on LiDAR SLAM. The two main purposes of Cartographer are to provide localization of a device on a virtual map and to generate (or update) that very same map. The main business goals are focused on advance SLAM, supporting multiple sensors and platforms. For architecturally significant requires, we focused on performance and usability. Since this two quality attributes are the most import for a real time system. In the modules, we found that Cartographer is built around nine core modules, for example, the Common module which is dedicated to structures and functions with shared usage throughout the system. In order to make the code modifiable for developers, Cartographer keeps the modules within well-defined boundaries. In C&C view, we found 3 pipelines that are core to Cartographer-Voxel Filter Pipeline, Submap Generator Pipeline and Pose Extra Extrapolator Pipeline. In addition, we also found it aims to address performance and interoperability goals with its data flow design. It allows different systems to run concurrently to address the performance goals. We used several tools to assess code quality such as Understand, CodeScene , SonarQube and Cpplint. Form these tools, we found that the most significant code quality issues were lacking of commenting, and coding style issues. Last but not least, we found three trade-offs - protocol buffer and Google Remote Procedure Call and splitting of the 2D and 3D mapping. 

